Create rule S6399[Java]: XML operations should not be vulnerable to injection attacks (#666)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6399/description.adoc

> User-provided data, such as URL parameters, POST data payloads, or cookies, are tainted with user-controlled inputs. Therefore, they should always be considered untrusted.	 
> 
> An XML injection occurs when user-controlled inputs is embedded into XML syntax. In such a scenario, an attacker can break the XML syntax and inject arbitrary XML elements. This can lead to cross-site scripting issues or denial of service attacks. Furthermore, if the application parses the XML document using a weakly configured XML parser (namely, a parser with support for external entities enabled), this can lead to the disclosure of sensitive files or server-side request forgeries (SSRF) by means of an XML external entity (XXE) injection. An attacker can also elevate privileges if the XML data is used for authentication.

Reviewer: Suggestion to break the paragraph into multiple pieces, to reduce sentence length:

```suggestion
User-provided data, such as URL parameters, POST data payloads, or cookies, are tainted with user-controlled inputs. Therefore, they should always be considered untrusted.	 

XML injection occurs when user-controlled input is embedded in files with XML syntax. In such a scenario, an attacker can abuse the XML syntax and inject arbitrary XML elements. This can lead to cross-site scripting issues or denial-of-service attacks. 

In addition, the application may parse the XML document with a weakly configured XML parser (namely, a parser with external entity support enabled). 
In this case, an XML External Entity (XXE) injection would expose the application to sensitive file disclosure or server-side request forgeries (SSRF). 

An attacker can also elevate privileges if the XML data is used for authentication.
```
